and well hello to all and all ps3
play online for a new life of
our consoles found today for the
video how to get into the hospital
destroys this hospital which is
moments where we will say so you go
exactly makes you here on the map
once here on the map so you go
get here you go there you go these
little walls that this little door there
so 10 to him placed a car or a
friend will sow the case for you block
it's a technique after you
can do as you feel
and presto it's a little walrus tell me 'ok
it is believed begins the up
backwards and is silent except that of course
there are paying people in maths
so we will try but mortal advance
so yes I am with gadji ponds and
ong hadji who is back here is where
you saw you see my head goes by and
so I'm not glued enough
against the wall I feel so if
you do not have technical know you
not here because otherwise it will type and
in fact I would not stick to the best
so much so that these resorts resort is
this loan you saw flat stomach
after three bogueys in normal times
yeah ok you can see here so he
there is no indicator there is that slab
in fact it's just a low there are some
machines and it's just a hospital going
destroy what actually at the foot of
two machines everywhere for you
take back from life embrace if the
votes that pass is what you do not know what
point you see well
so here's what a little visit a look
be careful not to get caught
dead and I almost got caught
have just now by no see this
little wall there with the window that a
quotes are out there do not go especially
if we look at I mark or it's just
a little bit to open and that's it
so the balls pass but on the
letter but against you you go
going out did not go out this time the
flat stupidity of the dead who managed to me
join first blow so here is so
I tell you whether or not to
next for new videos
subscribe to the lake and commented and I
leave you on these images
will you go there me